# v0.1.0 Specification

## Essential Features

+ **Save credentials**: The user should be able to add credentials to save. The credentials will have the following fields:
  - **service** (required): The name of the website the credential is for.
  - **password** (required): The password used to log in to the site.
  - **username** (optional): Your username on the website.
  - **email** (optional): The email used to log in to the website.

  Have a uniqe ID for each credential (100-999). This ID will be used to select the credential to delete or modify.

+ **Secure storage**: The credentials will be encrypted and saved in a file. The contents should be encrypted using AES encryption with a key derived from a password provided by the user. The user will be prompted for the password in the initial stages of the program. This ensures that only the user can read the credentials.
+ **Generate password**: Give the user an option to have a strong password generated when saving credentials.
+ **View saved credentials**: The user should be able to view the saved credentials. Instead of showing the password, the program should instead copy the password to the clipboard. The password should not be in plain text at any given time.
+ **Remove credentials**: The user should also be able to completely remove credentials from the vault. Since this action is not reversible, ask the user to do something like write the name of the service whose password is being deleted, to make sure that the user wants to proceed with the removal of the credentials.
+ **Change master password**: Allow the user to change the password used to encrypt and decrypt the vault.

---

## Commands

### `add`

+ Add credentials to the vault.
+ Give the user an option to have a random strong password generated.
+ Have a uniqe ID for each credential (100-999).

### `search`

+ View all/specific credentials.
+ Allow the user to filter credentials show according to `service`, `username`, or `email`.
+ Don't show the password.

### `get`

+ Copy a specific password to the clipboard.
+ The credential is specified using its unique ID.

### `remove`

+ Delete a credential from the vault.

### `passwd`

+ Change the master password.

---
